#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via rouge-score
accelerate==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   torch-geometric
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
bert-score==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
bm25s==0.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
confection==0.1.5
    # via thinc
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
coreferee==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
datasets==2.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.55.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
hdbscan==0.8.40
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via matplotlib
intel-openmp==2021.4.0
    # via mkl
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
keybert==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bert-score
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mkl==2021.4.0
    # via torch
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via datasets
murmurhash==1.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via rouge-score
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bert-score
    #   blis
    #   bm25s
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   hdbscan
    #   keybert
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   rouge-score
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torch-geometric
    #   transformers
nvidia-ml-py==12.575.51
    # via pynvml
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bert-score
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   bert-score
    #   datasets
pathlib-abc==0.1.1
    # via pathy
pathy==0.11.0
    # via spacy
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   torch-geometric
pyarrow==19.0.0
    # via datasets
pydantic==1.10.20
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pynvml==12.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torch-geometric
pystemmer==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   bert-score
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   torch-geometric
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via keybert
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   keybert
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   bm25s
    #   hdbscan
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keybert
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rouge-score
smart-open==6.4.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
spacy==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreferee
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
srsly==2.5.0
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tbb==2021.13.1
    # via mkl
thinc==8.1.12
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.3.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bert-score
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   sentence-transformers
torch-geometric==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   bert-score
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   torch-geometric
    #   transformers
transformers==4.48.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bert-score
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   rich
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
